[Autogenerated] Alexa, start the course introduction Hello from Pluralsight.
Welcome to this course on the fundamentals of machine learning on AWS.
I hope you have fun and learn a lot.
Thanks for that introduction.
Alexa.
Hi, everybody.
I'm Amber Israel Sin and I'll be your guide through this course,
Let's get started.
When you think of artificial intelligence or machine learning,
you might think of things like self driving cars,
robots or something from your favorite sci fi movie.
Your book and all of those popular or cliche ID use cases are great
and definitely being used in the world today,
but we're gonna bring it a little bit closer to home
with a company called Globomantics.
Globomantics is a wireless carrier based in the United States.
So think about whoever your carrier is for your cell phone,
and this is very similar.
They sell devices and service plans for their customers and offer
support through retail stores and a call center.
Nicole is a software developer who works at Globomantics,
and she's leading several machine learning initiatives at the company.
One of her main stakeholders is Ray,
who is VP of customer experience that Globomantics the company
has experienced a lot of customer turn lately,
meaning customers leave and go to another carrier.
This is a big problem, and his job is on the line if you can't fix it.
He's listened to phone calls from call center.
Agents looked at feedback from various customer surveys and so forth.
But he's heard a lot of buzz about machine learning and
thinks Nicole might be able to help.
During his meeting with Nicole,
he explains the situation and then asks we can use
machine learning for that right?
This story might sound familiar to you in general.
There's a lot of buzz about ML right now,
but a lot of companies are in the early stages of
figuring it out and how they can use it, which is actually great news for you.